README.rst, before:

|Icon| |title|_
===============

.. |title| replace:: regolith
.. _title: https://regro.github.io/regolith

.. |Icon| image:: https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/regro
        :target: https://regro.github.io/regolith
        :height: 100px

|PyPi| |Forge| |PythonVersion| |PR|

|CI| |Codecov| |Black| |Tracking|

.. |Black| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-black-black
        :target: https://github.com/psf/black

.. |CI| image:: https://github.com/regro/regolith/actions/workflows/matrix-and-codecov-on-merge-to-main.yml/badge.svg
        :target: https://github.com/regro/regolith/actions/workflows/matrix-and-codecov-on-merge-to-main.yml

.. |Codecov| image:: https://codecov.io/gh/regro/regolith/branch/main/graph/badge.svg
        :target: https://codecov.io/gh/regro/regolith

.. |Forge| image:: https://img.shields.io/conda/vn/conda-forge/regolith
        :target: https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/regolith

.. |PR| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/PR-Welcome-29ab47ff

.. |PyPi| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/regolith
        :target: https://pypi.org/project/regolith/

.. |PythonVersion| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/regolith
        :target: https://pypi.org/project/regolith/

.. |Tracking| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/issue_tracking-github-blue
        :target: https://github.com/regro/regolith/issues

A research group content management system

* LONGER DESCRIPTION HERE

For more information about the regolith library, please consult our `online documentation <https://regro.github.io/regolith>`_.

Citation
--------

If you use regolith in a scientific publication, we would like you to cite this package as

        regolith Package, https://github.com/regro/regolith

Installation
------------

The preferred method is to use `Miniconda Python
<https://docs.conda.io/projects/miniconda/en/latest/miniconda-install.html>`_
and install from the "conda-forge" channel of Conda packages.

To add "conda-forge" to the conda channels, run the following in a terminal. ::

        conda config --add channels conda-forge

We want to install our packages in a suitable conda environment.
The following creates and activates a new environment named ``regolith_env`` ::

        conda create -n regolith_env regolith
        conda activate regolith_env

Then, to fully install ``regolith`` in our active environment, run ::

        conda install regolith

To confirm that the installation was successful, type ::

        python -c "import regolith; print(regolith.__version__)"

The output should print the latest version displayed on the badges above.

If the above does not work, you can use ``pip`` to download and install the latest release from
`Python Package Index <https://pypi.python.org>`_.
To install using ``pip`` into your ``regolith_env`` environment, type ::

        pip install regolith

If you prefer to install from sources, after installing the dependencies, obtain the source archive from
`GitHub <https://github.com/regro/regolith/>`_. Once installed, ``cd`` into your ``regolith`` directory
and run the following ::

        pip install .

Getting Started
---------------

You may consult our `online documentation <https://regro.github.io/regolith>`_ for tutorials and API references.

Support and Contribute
----------------------

`Diffpy user group <https://groups.google.com/g/diffpy-users>`_ is the discussion forum for general questions and discussions about the use of regolith. Please join the regolith users community by joining the Google group. The regolith project welcomes your expertise and enthusiasm!

If you see a bug or want to request a feature, please `report it as an issue <https://github.com/regro/regolith/issues>`_ and/or `submit a fix as a PR <https://github.com/regro/regolith/pulls>`_. You can also post it to the `Diffpy user group <https://groups.google.com/g/diffpy-users>`_.

Feel free to fork the project and contribute. To install regolith
in a development mode, with its sources being directly used by Python
rather than copied to a package directory, use the following in the root
directory ::

        pip install -e .

To ensure code quality and to prevent accidental commits into the default branch, please set up the use of our pre-commit
hooks.

1. Install pre-commit in your working environment by running ``conda install pre-commit``.

2. Initialize pre-commit (one time only) ``pre-commit install``.

Thereafter your code will be linted by black and isort and checked against flake8 before you can commit.
If it fails by black or isort, just rerun and it should pass (black and isort will modify the files so should
pass after they are modified). If the flake8 test fails please see the error messages and fix them manually before
trying to commit again.

Improvements and fixes are always appreciated.

Before contributing, please read our `Code of Conduct <https://github.com/regro/regolith/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.rst>`_.

Contact
-------

For more information on regolith please visit the project `web-page <https://regro.github.io/>`_ or email Prof. Simon Billinge at sb2896@columbia.edu.

Commit message:

skpkg: migrate documentation, README, and public static files. (#1260)
* skpkg: migrate documentation

* chore: bring back missing segments for files in doc folder

* skpkg: add config files for authors, changelog, license

* chore: revert scikit-package changes to license, etc

* skpkg: add MANIFEST.in

* skpkg: add README.rst

* skpkg: add news files

* chore: modify conf.py according to review feedback

* chore: fix minor spelling error in .gitignore

* chore: modify conf.py again according to feedback

README.rst, after:

|Icon| |title|_
===============

.. |title| replace:: regolith
.. _title: https://regro.github.io/regolith

.. |Icon| image:: https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/regro
        :target: https://regro.github.io/regolith
        :height: 100px

|PyPI| |Forge| |PythonVersion| |PR|

|CI| |Codecov| |Black| |Tracking|

.. |Black| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-black-black
        :target: https://github.com/psf/black

.. |CI| image:: https://github.com/regro/regolith/actions/workflows/matrix-and-codecov-on-merge-to-main.yml/badge.svg
        :target: https://github.com/regro/regolith/actions/workflows/matrix-and-codecov-on-merge-to-main.yml

.. |Codecov| image:: https://codecov.io/gh/regro/regolith/branch/main/graph/badge.svg
        :target: https://codecov.io/gh/regro/regolith

.. |Forge| image:: https://img.shields.io/conda/vn/conda-forge/regolith
        :target: https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/regolith

.. |PR| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/PR-Welcome-29ab47ff

.. |PyPI| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/regolith
        :target: https://pypi.org/project/regolith/

.. |PythonVersion| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/regolith
        :target: https://pypi.org/project/regolith/

.. |Tracking| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/issue_tracking-github-blue
        :target: https://github.com/regro/regolith/issues

Python package for research group content management system

* LONGER DESCRIPTION HERE

For more information about the regolith library, please consult our `online documentation <https://regro.github.io/regolith>`_.

Citation
--------

If you use regolith in a scientific publication, we would like you to cite this package as

        regolith Package, https://github.com/regro/regolith

Installation
------------

The preferred method is to use `Miniconda Python
<https://docs.conda.io/projects/miniconda/en/latest/miniconda-install.html>`_
and install from the "conda-forge" channel of Conda packages.

To add "conda-forge" to the conda channels, run the following in a terminal. ::

        conda config --add channels conda-forge

We want to install our packages in a suitable conda environment.
The following creates and activates a new environment named ``regolith_env`` ::

        conda create -n regolith_env regolith
        conda activate regolith_env

To confirm that the installation was successful, type ::

        python -c "import regolith; print(regolith.__version__)"

The output should print the latest version displayed on the badges above.

If the above does not work, you can use ``pip`` to download and install the latest release from
`Python Package Index <https://pypi.python.org>`_.
To install using ``pip`` into your ``regolith_env`` environment, type ::

        pip install regolith

If you prefer to install from sources, after installing the dependencies, obtain the source archive from
`GitHub <https://github.com/regro/regolith/>`_. Once installed, ``cd`` into your ``regolith`` directory
and run the following ::

        pip install .

Getting Started
---------------

You may consult our `online documentation <https://regro.github.io/regolith>`_ for tutorials and API references.

Support and Contribute
----------------------

`Diffpy user group <https://groups.google.com/g/diffpy-users>`_ is the discussion forum for general questions and discussions about the use of regolith. Please join the regolith users community by joining the Google group. The regolith project welcomes your expertise and enthusiasm!

If you see a bug or want to request a feature, please `report it as an issue <https://github.com/regro/regolith/issues>`_ and/or `submit a fix as a PR <https://github.com/regro/regolith/pulls>`_. You can also post it to the `Diffpy user group <https://groups.google.com/g/diffpy-users>`_.

Feel free to fork the project and contribute. To install regolith
in a development mode, with its sources being directly used by Python
rather than copied to a package directory, use the following in the root
directory ::

        pip install -e .

To ensure code quality and to prevent accidental commits into the default branch, please set up the use of our pre-commit
hooks.

1. Install pre-commit in your working environment by running ``conda install pre-commit``.

2. Initialize pre-commit (one time only) ``pre-commit install``.

Thereafter your code will be linted by black and isort and checked against flake8 before you can commit.
If it fails by black or isort, just rerun and it should pass (black and isort will modify the files so should
pass after they are modified). If the flake8 test fails please see the error messages and fix them manually before
trying to commit again.

Improvements and fixes are always appreciated.

Before contributing, please read our `Code of Conduct <https://github.com/regro/regolith/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.rst>`_.

Contact
-------

For more information on regolith please visit the project `web-page <https://regro.github.io/>`_ or email Simon J.L. Billinge group at sb2896@columbia.edu.

Acknowledgements
----------------

``regolith`` is built and maintained with `scikit-package <https://scikit-package.github.io/scikit-package/>`_.
